Reporting to: TimesLIVE Digital Editor Department: Tiso Blackstar Digital Location: Parktown, Johannesburg Job outline: Tiso Blackstar’s digital business unit has a vacancy for the position of TimesLIVE - story producer. The ideal candidate will be someone proficient in writing, copy-editing and/or sub-editing who is keen to apply their skills in a demanding digital publishing environment. Please note this position will involve regular weekend and night shifts. Skills requirements: The successful candidate must have an editorial background, an excellent news sense and proven skill in writing and editing in English.  He or she will be able to work under pressure and on deadline. Some knowledge of print and digital publishing systems, as well as practical experience using social media tools, is also required. Job-specific requirements and attributes: Keeping the TimesLIVE website updated and fresh with content digitally optimised to attract an online reader; generating original content; a good news sense; a high level of literacy and the ability to edit text, write web-appropriate headlines and package different types of media in a sensible and useful way; the ability to engage other members of the newsroom;  a willingness to learn, with journalistic savvy and a sub-editor’s thoroughness; and availability to work flexible hours. Candidates should also have: A wide-ranging interest in current affairs; experience with live blogging, and a broad general knowledge. Some knowledge of media law would be beneficial. Applications deadline: February 6 2018 E-mail subject line: TimesLIVE Story Producer Applications should be addressed to: Kate Henry on henryk@timeslive.co.za Reporting to: TimesLIVE Digital Editor Department: Tiso Blackstar Digital Location: Parktown, Johannesburg Job outline: Tiso Blackstar’s digital business unit has a vacancy for the position of Sunday Times - story producer. The ideal candidate will be someone proficient in copy-editing and/or sub-editing who is keen to apply their skills in a demanding digital publishing environment. This position carries through the production process all the way from copy-editing to digital publication and promotion. Please note this position will involve regular weekend and night shifts. Skills requirements: The successful candidate must have an editorial background and proven skill in writing and editing in English.  He or she will be able to work under pressure and on deadline. Some knowledge of print and digital publishing systems, as well as practical experience using social media tools, is also required. Job-specific requirements and attributes: Keeping the Sunday Times website updated and fresh with newspaper and original content; competency in using electronic editing and digital publishing tools; ability to manage the print to online production process for Sunday Times; generating original content when required; fine attention to detail; a high level of literacy and the ability to edit text, write web-appropriate headlines and package different types of media in a sensible and useful way; the ability to engage other members of the newsroom;  a willingness to learn, with journalistic savvy and a sub-editor’s thoroughness; and availability to work flexible hours. Candidates should also have: A wide-range of interests and a broad general knowledge. Some knowledge of media law would be beneficial. Applications deadline: February 6 2018 E-mail subject line: Sunday Times Story Producer Applications should be addressed to: Kate Henry on henryk@timeslive.co.za Tiso Blackstar applies the principles of the Employment Equity Act and, as such, preference will be given to candidates who will add to the diversity of our organisation. If we do not respond to you in the next two months, you may regard your application as unsuccessful.